adhari            # Adharí
afar              # Qafár
afghan            # Pashto
alan              # Alan
andalusian_arabic # Andalusí
anglonorse        # Englisc
aragonese         # Aragonés
arberian          # Arbëreshë
armenian          # Hay
arpitan           # Arpitan
ashkenazi         # Ashkenazi
assamese          # Assamese
assyrian          # Suryaye
avar              # Avar
baloch            # Baloch
bashkir           # Bashqurd
basque            # Euskara
bavarian          # Beiarisk
bear              # Bear
bedouin_arabic    # Badawí
beja              # Bedawiye
bengali           # Bengali
berber            # Iznagen
bodpa             # Bödpa
bohemian          # Ceský
bolghar           # Bolghar
bosnian           # Bosanski
brahui            # Brahui
breton            # Bretoned
bulgarian         # Bálgarski
canarian          # Guanchinet
carantanian       # Karantánski
castillan         # Castellano
cat               # Cat
catalan           # Català
caucasian_avar    # Avaral
coptic            # Kubti
cornish           # Kernowek
crimean_gothic    # Gótthos
croatian          # Hrvatski
cuman             # Qipçaq
cumbric           # Cumbri
daju              # Daju
dalmatian         # Dalmata
danish            # Danskr
daylamite         # Daylamí
dog_culture       # Dog
dragon_culture    # Dragon
duck_culture      # Duck
dutch             # Dietsch
egyptian_arabic   # Misrí
elephant_culture  # Elephant
english           # English
ethiopian         # Ye-Ityoppya
falashim          # Beta Yisrael
finnish           # Suomalainen
franconian        # Frenkisk
frankish          # Francique
frisian           # Fresisk
galician          # Galego
georgian          # Kartveli
german            # Diutsch
gothic            # Gautr
greek             # Graikós
gujurati          # Gujarati
han               # Han
hausa             # Hausa
hedgehog_culture  # Hedgehog
hijazi            # Hijazi
hindustani        # Hindustani
hip_culture       # Great Pesedjet
horse             # Horse
hungarian         # Magyar
icelandic         # Íslondskr
ilmenian          # Ilmenian
irish             # Goidel
italian           # Lombardo
jurchen           # Jurchen
kannada           # Kannada
kanuri            # Kanuri
karelian          # Karjalainen
karluk            # Qarluq
kasogi            # Adyghe
khalaj            # Khaláj
khanty            # Mansi
khavar            # Qavar
khazar            # Qasar
khitan            # Qidun
khorasani         # Khorásání
khwarezmi         # Khwárazmí
kirghiz           # Qirghiz
komi              # Komi
kurdish           # Kurdi
langobardisch     # Langobardo
lappish           # Sámi
laziale           # Laziale
leonese           # Llionés
lettigallish      # Lettigallian
levantine_arabic  # Mashriqí
ligurian          # Ligure
lithuanian        # Lietuviu
livonian          # Livonijas
lombard           # Lombard
low_frankish      # Frankisk
low_german        # Düdisch
low_saxon         # Sehsisk
maghreb_arabic    # Maghribí
manden            # Mandé
marathi           # Marathi
mari              # Mejralainen
masmuda           # Imesmuden
meshchera         # Meshchera
mongol            # Mongol
mordvin           # Mokshet
nahuatl           # Nahua
neapolitan        # Neapolitano
nepali            # Nepali
norman            # Normaund
norse             # Norrønn
norsegaelic       # Gall Goidel
norwegian         # Norskr
nubian            # Nòòbíí
occitan           # Occitan
oghuz             # Oghuz
old_frankish      # Frenkisc
old_hungarian     # Moger
old_saxon         # Saxon
oriya             # Oriya
outremer          # Outremer
pahlavi           # Parsig
panjabi           # Panjabi
pecheneg          # Beçenek
persian           # Pársí
pictish           # Ficht
polish            # Polski
pommeranian       # Vendi
portuguese        # Português
prussian          # Prusiskan
qufs              # Kufichi
rajput            # Rajput
red_panda         # Red Panda
roman             # Roman
romanian          # Rumân
russian           # Rusisku
saka              # Hvamnai
samoyed           # Nenetsi
sanhaja           # Aznág
sardinian         # Sardu
saxon             # Angelcynn
scottish          # Albannaich
sephardi          # Sephardi
serbian           # Srpski
severian          # Severian
sicilian          # Sicilianu
sicilian_arabic   # Siqillí
sindhi            # Sindhi
sinhala           # Sinhala
slovieni          # Moravský
sogdian           # Soghdi
somali            # Soomaali
songhay           # Songhai
soninke           # Soninke
suebi             # Suebi
sumpa             # Sumpa
swabian           # Alamannisk
swedish           # Svenskr
szekely           # Székely
tagelmust         # Tagelmust
tajik             # Tajikí
tamil             # Tamil
tangut            # Tangut
telugu            # Telugu
thuringian        # Duringisk
tocharian         # Tocharian
tuareg            # Kel Tamashek
turkish           # Türk
turkmen           # Türkmen
tuscan            # Toscano
udi               # Udi
ugricbaltic       # Eestlased
umbrian           # Umbro
uyghur            # Uighur
venetian          # Veneto
vepsian           # Vepsläne
visigothic        # Visigothic
volhynian         # Volhynian
welsh             # Cymreig
wolof             # Wolof
yemeni            # Yamani
zaghawa           # Zaghawa
zanata            # Aznáta
zhangzhung        # Zhangzhung
