action_administer_realm       # Administer Realm
action_advance_cul_tech       # Research Cultural Tech
action_advance_eco_tech       # Research Economy Tech
action_advance_mil_tech       # Research Military Tech
action_assist_arrest          # Suppress Revolts
action_build_legend           # Build Legend
action_build_zeal             # Build Zeal
action_charity                # Perform Charity
action_clan_sentiment         # Improve Clan Sentiment
action_collect_tribute        # Collect Tribute
action_fabricate_claims       # Fabricate Claims
action_hunt_heretics          # Hunt Apostates
action_improve_rel_relations  # Improve Religious Relations
action_improve_relations      # Improve Diplomatic Relations
action_inquisition            # Proselytize
action_organize_army          # Organize the Army
action_organize_raid          # Organize Raid
action_organize_spies         # Build Spy Network
action_organize_spies_mystics # Build Spy Network
action_oversee_construction   # Oversee Construction
action_sabotage_province      # Sabotage Province
action_settle_tribe           # Settle Province
action_sow_dissent            # Sow Dissent
action_squeeze_peasants       # Collect Taxes
action_statecraft             # Perform Statecraft
action_study_technology       # Study Technology
action_train_troops           # Train Troops
action_train_troops_nomadic   # Train Warriors
action_uncover_plots          # Scheme
action_uncover_plots_offmap   # Scheme
