title_administrator                 # Scholar-Bureaucrat
title_anthypatos                    # Anthypatos
title_appointed_regent              # Designated Regent
title_baghatur                      # Baghatur
title_behi                          # Behi
title_bogomilist_advisor            # Stroinik
title_caesar                        # Caesar
title_canjun                        # Canjun
title_cardinal                      # Cardinal
title_cathar_deacon                 # Deacon
title_champion                      # Champion
title_cherbi                        # Cherbi
title_chief_architect               # Chief Architect
title_chief_qadi                    # Chief Qadi
title_china_emperor                 # Emperor
title_commander                     # Commander
title_councilmember_emperor         # Advisor
title_councilmember_king            # Advisor
title_court_architect               # Court Architect
title_court_calligrapher            # Court Calligrapher
title_court_dwarf                   # Court Dwarf
title_court_eunuch                  # Court Eunuch
title_court_jester                  # Court Jester
title_court_musician                # Court Musician
title_court_physician               # Court Physician
title_court_poet                    # Court Poet
title_court_poet_india              # Court Poet
title_court_skald                   # Court Skald
title_courtesan                     # Concubine
title_cupbearer                     # Cupbearer
title_darkhan                       # Darkhan
title_despot                        # Despot
title_despot_noconclave
title_drottseti                     # Dróttseti
title_eran_ambaragbed               # Eran Ambaragbed
title_food_taster                   # Food Taster
title_fraticelli_cardinal           # Cardinal
title_genghis
title_guru                          # Court Guru
title_hermetics_apprentice          # Apprentice
title_high_admiral                  # High Admiral
title_high_almoner                  # High Almoner
title_high_judge                    # High Judge
title_hirdman                       # Hirdman
title_historiographer               # Historiographer
title_imperial_eunuch               # Parakoimomenos
title_ishad                         # Ishad
title_kardarigan                    # Kardarigan
title_keeper_of_swans               # Keeper of the Swans
title_kouropalates                  # Kouropalates
title_kundur                        # Kündür
title_lawspeaker                    # Lawspeaker
title_male_consort                  # Consort
title_manichean_apostle             # Apostle
title_marksman                      # Merkismaðr
title_master_engineer               # Master Engineer
title_master_of_the_blade           # Master of the Blade
title_master_of_the_bow             # Master of the Bow
title_master_of_the_eagle           # Master of the Eagle
title_master_of_the_horse           # Master of the Horse
title_master_of_the_hunt            # Master of the Hunt
title_master_of_the_royal_elephants # Master of the Royal Elephants
title_noyan                         # Noyan
title_paramount_knight              # Paramount Knight
title_patrician_heir                # Designated Heir
title_prince                        # Prince
title_pushtigban_salar              # Pushtigban-salar
title_queen_mother                  # Queen Mother
title_regent                        # Regent
title_royal_builder                 # Royal Builder
title_ruler_consort
title_sebastokrator                 # Sebastokrator
title_seneschal                     # Seneschal
title_shahin                        # Shahin
title_shahrwaraz                    # Shahrwarãz
title_spahbod                       # Spahbod
title_state_inquisitor              # State Inquisitor
title_tanist                        # Tanist
title_teacher                       # Court Tutor
title_venerable_elder               # Venerable Elder
title_volva                         # Court Völva
title_yabgu                         # Yabgu
title_yuhou                         # Yuhou
title_zhangshi                      # Zhangshi
