religion_adventuring           # Daring
religion_animistic             # Animistic
religion_astrology             # Astrology
religion_autocephaly           # Autocephalous
religion_beatification         # Ancestor Veneration
religion_commercial            # Mercantile
religion_cosmopolitan          # Cosmopolitan
religion_defensive             # Unyielding
religion_dogmatic              # Dogmatic
religion_equal                 # Equality
religion_feature_aztec         # Invaders
religion_feature_baltic        # Defenders of Dievas
religion_feature_bon           # Harmonious
religion_feature_finnish       # Survivors of Ukko
religion_feature_hellenic      # Civilized
religion_feature_norse         # Sons of Ragnarok
religion_feature_pyramids      # Pyramid Creation
religion_feature_slavic        # Children of Perun
religion_feature_tengri        # Eternal Riders
religion_feature_west_african  # Totem-Guardians
religion_feature_zun           # Dawnbreakers
religion_harems                # Polygamy
religion_haruspicy             # Haruspicy
religion_holy_family           # Divine Marriage
religion_jizya                 # Religious Tax
religion_leader_unchanged      # Unchanged
religion_matriarchal           # Enatic Clans
religion_meritocratic          # Meritocracy
religion_monastic              # Monasticism
religion_no_leader             # Autonomous
religion_patriarchal           # Agnatic Clans
religion_peaceful              # Peaceful
religion_proselytizing         # Proselytizing
religion_relentless            # Unrelenting
religion_ritual_sacrifice      # Bloodthirsty Gods
religion_seafaring             # Sea-bound
religion_stable                # Stability
religion_syncretic             # Syncretism
religion_syncretic_christian   # Christian Syncretism
religion_syncretic_indian      # Eastern Syncretism
religion_syncretic_muslim      # Muslim Syncretism
religion_syncretic_zoroastrian # Mazdan Syncretism
religion_temporal_head         # Temporal
religion_theocratic_head       # Hierocratic
religion_warlike               # Warmongering
