adoptionist                 # Adoptionist
apostolic                   # Apostolic
arian                       # Arian
aztec                       # Aztec
aztec_reformed              # Aztec
baltic_pagan                # Romuva
baltic_pagan_reformed       # Romuva
bogomilist                  # Bogomilist
bon                         # Bön
bon_reformed                # Bön
buddhist                    # Buddhist
cathar                      # Cathar
catholic                    # Catholic
druze                       # Druze
finnish_pagan               # Muinaisusko
finnish_pagan_reformed      # Muinaisusko
fraticelli                  # Fraticelli
haruri                      # Haruri
hellenic_pagan              # Hellenic
hellenic_pagan_reformed     # Hellenic
hindu                       # Hindu
hip_religion                # Ma’at
hurufi                      # Hurufi
ibadi                       # Ibadi
iconoclast                  # Iconoclast
ismaili                     # Isma'ili
jain                        # Jain
jewish                      # Jewish
karaite                     # Karaite
kharijite                   # Kharijite
khurmazta                   # Khurmazta
lollard                     # Lollard
mahdiyya                    # Mahdite
mandaean                    # Mandaean
manichean                   # Manichean
maronite                    # Maronite
mazdaki                     # Mazdaki
messalian                   # Messalian
miaphysite                  # Coptic
monophysite                 # Monophysite
monothelite                 # Monothelite
nabawiyya                   # Nabawite
nestorian                   # East Syriac
norse_pagan                 # Ásatrú
norse_pagan_reformed        # Ásatrú
orthodox                    # Orthodox
pagan                       # Pagan
paulician                   # Paulician
qarmatian                   # Qarmati
samaritan                   # Samaritan
shiite                      # Shia
slavic_pagan                # Slavianska Vera
slavic_pagan_reformed       # Slavianska Vera
sunni                       # Sunni
syriac                      # West Syriac
taoist                      # Taoist
tengri_pagan                # Tengri
tengri_pagan_reformed       # Tengri
tondrakian                  # Tondrakian
waldensian                  # Waldensian
waqifi                      # Waqifite
west_african_pagan          # African
west_african_pagan_reformed # African
yazidi                      # Yazidi
zaydi                       # Zaydi
zikri                       # Zikri
zoroastrian                 # Zoroastrian
zun_pagan                   # Zunist
zun_pagan_reformed          # Church of Zun
zurvanist                   # Zurvanist
